1. Developers think that JavaScript's asynchronous nature is an issue because it's hard to follow code that depends on other events that cause delays. Loose typing is also an issue in JavaScript because examples like debugging the calculator from this lab were due to not specifying a variables data type, which can cause confusion as to  why the calculator just concatenates the numbers together instead of adding them together. Browsers can be a pain point because not all browsers are the same so whatever code works on one browser may not working on the other browser.
2. The developers of JavaScript made the language loosely typed in order to make code more flexible for webpages with a lot of files. Asynchronous features were also added because it helps tasks that take time not make the program wait for it and instead can be in the background.
3. The key differences between a compiled language and an interpreted one is speed of execution as compiled languages are faster while interpreted one's are slower. JavaScript is an interpreted language. The benefits to this is that developing projects is easier compared to lower leveled languages but the project's speed would be slow.
4. I believe Vanilla JavaScript is focused on this course because students must master the fundamentals first before looking into advanced tools for their projects. Since frameworks are built on vanilla JavaScript, learning them would be easier since you are familiar with JavaScript. The drawbacks of not learning a framework is that developing would take more time and companies use frameworks so not learning them would make you fall behind.
5. In this lab I learned how to debug javascript and this relates to my project because I will be using devtools that were taught in this lab for bugs that I come across in the project.
